-------------------------------------------------------------
SOCOM U.S. NAVY SEALs : COMBINED ASSAULT Interactive Glitch Archive

This is the official Interactive Glitch Archive, of SOCOM U.S. NAVY SEALs : COMBINED ASSAULT, made by Outsider of www.NextGenBoards.com.
Please, as a disclaimer, do not post this on any other website without contacting Outsider via Aim at eXo Outsider.

Archive Statistics:
Websites Posted At (1):
www.NextGenBoards.com
Number of Glitches in Archive: (TBD)

Game Name: SOCOM U.S. NAVY SEALs : COMBINED ASSAULT
Version: Patch 1.0
Region: NTSC - USA 

-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-

Original Archive Written By: Outsider
Edited, Revised, and Maintained By: Outsider
Original Formatting By Outsider
Revised Formatting By 24 Gunz and Outsider
-------------------------------------------------------------

INDEX

Rework in progress by Bravo and NightFyre

-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-


Clan [eXo]'s Shoot Anything With Exorcist
1. Do the rocket exorcist
2. Now switch the rocket with whatever you want to shoot and get an M203/Airburst/GL Launcher
3. Flip your switch and spawn and flip switch back
4. Now switch to your frags then whatever you want to shoot then frags
5. Now everytime you shoot the frag it will be whatever you wanted and you dont have to keep switching like in s2
Credit: Cableguy and Glock

Clan [eXo]'s Shoot Anything w/o Exorcist
1. Have no primary
2. Die and hit your switch now quickly select 203's and whatever you want to shoot and flip your switch and spawn
3. Switch to m203's then whatever you want to shoot then frags
(Note: Same applies for shoot anything with exorcist)
Credit: Cableguy

Shoot Anything In Frag Turrets
1. Get whatever you want to shoot out as primary and get on turret
2. Have someone kill you and when they do flip switch then hurry up spawn and get on the turret and flip back
3. Now whatever you had as primary youll be shooting on the turret
(Note: For rockets, have only rocket and nades, go to icon have out cdlays flip switch take out rocket and flip back, now do this glitch with nades but youll be shooting rockets since you started with them)
Credit: Glock and Cab

Clan [eXo]'s Throw/Plant Anything
1. Do fatals no guns glitch
2. Die and get whatever you want people to see you throw in the top right corner
3. Get any kind of gernade in the lower right corner
4. Respawn
5. Flip ur switch to disconnect and kill yourself
6. Now respawn quickly and switch to your nades and flip your switch back. 7. Now every gernade you throw will be whatever you chose to throw
(Note: To plant anything, substitute nades/smoke for clays/mines)
Credit: NATE2K6

Non-Respawn Exorcist
1. Be dead and make sure it is not the first time you enter the game, so you have to be killed in action first
2. Now do fatal's spawn anywhere glitch in useful glitches
3. On your screen you will remain dead, but on others you will be doing Non-reapawn exorcist
Credit: GLOCK

Invisible Nades/Clays
1.Die, Get clays/nades.
2.Flip your switch and respawn.
3.Press R2 and highlight the clays/nades.
4.Flip your switch back, and right when lag catches up, Press X to take them out.
5. Now every claymore/mine or gernade you plant or throw will be invisible
Credit: Cableguy

Auto Pistol Illusion
1. Get only pistol with fatals anything as primary glitch you can also get rocket, nades, etc
2. Now do the exorcist
3. Select a gun flip switch spawn then flip back
4. Now when you shoot the gun it will look like auto pistol, you can also switch from gun to pictol and nothing willo change
Credit: Clan [eXo]

Stealth Camo Glitch
1. Come in to a already started game
2. You will be dead now do fatal's spawn anywhere glitch
3. On your screen your dead, on others your name will just be floating in mid air
Credit: GLOCK

M203/Airburst As Primary
1. Do fatals no guns glitch
2. Get into the game and get a any M203 gun
3. Pull your cord till you lag out
4. Rejoin the game
5. Dont pick any guns and respawn and you will have M203 as primary
Credit: NATE2K6

Redirect Anything
1. Have someone get inivisble nades
2. Now right as they throw the nade, throw your nade
3. Your grenade will be intercepted and sent to where ever the person thrrew their invisible nade
Credit: Cableguy

Instant Explosions
1. Have someone get invisible clays
2. Now throw a nade over where there clay is
3. Ince you throw it the person must detonate the clay
4. It will blow up instantly
Credit: Cableguy

Unreleased:
Face Slide
Back Slide




Version 6

One Shoot Boot
1. Must be non-respawn
2. Get only nades in armory and throw them
3. Have someone with only a rocket in the equiptment slots and die
4. Standby run over there body and pick up there primary then run away and standby back
5. You should be running with rocket and when you shoot it everyone who entered the room before you is GONE! Hasta Luego Suckas. Comliments of Clan [eXo]
Credit: Fatal and Outsider

Load/Extract Convoy Farther From Zone
1. Get far away from load zone in convoy truck
2. Flip your switch
3. Get out then get in
4. Drive the convoy forwards until u hit load zone
5. Flip switch back
6. On your screen the convoy is loading at load zone but on everyone else's its at its origonal location
(Note: Do the same thing for extracting it, but at the extraction zone)
Credit: C.A.B

Convoy Loop
1. Do load convoy anywhere
2. Now move the convoy so everyone sees it a load zone
3. Move the convoy out of load zone and the boxes will spawn again it will do it over and over again
Credit: C.A.B

Load/Extract Invisible Boxes
1. Do load convoy anywhere
2. Now take out the comvoy and move the 2nd convoy truck in the load zone
now the convoy will b loading invisible boxes
(Note: You can extract with the invisible boxes)
Credit: C.A.B

Hostages Halfway Undermap
1. Get in a car with a hostage
2. Flip switch get out of the car and flip back
3. Now the hostage should be halfway under the map
Credit: Fatal and NATE2K6

Control Point Illusion
1. Do eblades instant plant control point but dont plant
2. Flip switch plant then run away from the base and flip back
3. On your screen itll plant but not on others
Credit: NATE2K6

Invisible Control Point
1. Have someone do nates control point illusion at a base
2. Now have someone else plant a control point at that base and on there screen theyll plant the control point but itll appear invisible
Credit: NATE2K6

Plant 1 Control Point To Win illusion
1. Have somebody do nates control point illusion at 4/5 bases
2. Now have someone else plant the last control point regular and itll say seals/terr victorious even thoug only one was planted
Credit: NATE2K6

Hostage Exorcist
1. Be in a extraction non respawn and be the host
2. Kill one hostage and extract one
3. Now do spawn anywhere and the hostage will repsawn
4. Get a shotgun and it will run in the way you shot it like the exorcist
Credit: Robby23

Unreleased:
Swim On Land
eXo Slide
eXo Invincibility
eXo Rocket
Throw/Plant Anything Non Repsawn




Version 7

Glocks Glitch
1. Go to the other side of the map from where you spawn and die and make sure it is the last round
2. With 15 seconds left in the game, put the credit card into your ps2 like stream clipping so that the map cuts off\
3. With 2 seconds left respawn
4. Now when the people get in the lobby have someone message you on aim or something exactly when they are in lobby
5. Right when they tell you, pull your credit card out
6. Now have the people in the lobby G^ and when they are in game, youll still be playing whatever the game before was and they?ll be playing a new game
7. You will also be invisible to the other players to become visible have everyone leave and comeback except the host
(Note: If in the lobby the host leaves and you become host you get booted. Also to do in non respawn just skip the respawn at 2 seconds left part, the frist round youll be dead but the next round youll spawn)
Credit: Glock

Invisible Bomb Plant/Box Clipping
1. Do glocks glitch from/to a demolition map from/to a different type of map w/o a bomb or do the universal glitch
- For the eXo Universal Glitch, make it so that the room you are joining is a map with/without a bomb and the map you are set to create is a map with/without a bomb
- (Depending on if you want others to see the invisible bomb plant or yourself to see them plant a invisible bomb- To means that youd plant the bomb and others would see it invisible and from means that youd see others plant the invisible bomb, same goes for the Universal glitch, to see the invisible bomb do it in a room that has a bomb but make the game you are set to create as a mpa w/o a bomb and vice-versa)
2. Now depending on if you are or aren?t in a demolition , have whoever sees the bomb and can pick it up, plant it, and the others who are in a different type of map will see that person just plant a invisible bomb
(Note: This is also the same for control points, you can see people in a control point plant stance but your not in a Control point map and this is also box clipping because the people who are in a demo will see the people in a different type of map clipping right through where the boxes are)
Credit: Clan eXo

eXo Boat Airplane
1. Do glocks glitch from an extraction to a suppression or the eXo Universal Gltich
- For the eXo universal glitch, make sure the room you are set to join is suppresion and the room you are set to create is a extarction
2. Now on your screen, youll see the boats on land and when the other people drive them since they are hummers on there screen, you will see the boats floating above air as high as there spawn height was
Credit: Clan eXo

Merge Different Maps
1. Do glocks glitch from one map to another or do the Universal glitch but make the room you are creating a different map then the room you are set to join
- For doing it with glocks glitch, make sure that when you first see the people spawn hit your switch fro 15 seconds to avoid getting booted
2. Now you should be in a different map then the others and they'll see you floating, going under the ground, etc
Credit: Clan eXo

Possessed Turret
1. Get a rocket and don?t be host
2. Go near a turret and have someone next to you
3. Pick a time for that person to shoot you in the leg
4. Now hit standby press X to get on turret then take out rocket and flip back 2 seconds before you had the person shoot you
5. You should get shot then go on the turret, but on the other persons screen your outside the turret with 2 names
(Note: The turret is actually moving when you move and shoots, unlike the turret glitch where its silent)
Credit: Outsider and CAB

The eXo Turret/ Invisible On Turret
1. Get a rocket and don?t be host
2. Go near a turret and have someone next to you
3. Pick a time for that person to shoot you in the leg
4. Now hit standby press X to get on turret and take out your rocket
5. Now you have to time this right, plug your cord back in a second before you get shot, if done right you should go into the turret and get shot as going up
6. This makes you totally invisible on the turret on your own screen, you see a decoy body of yourself outside the turret with an invisible rocket
Credit: Outsider and CAB

Two People With Same Name
1. Do the e.X.o glitch so someone becoems a different person
2. Now say Outsider becomes Fatal, have the real fatal leave and comeback so he isnt another person
3. When fatal gets in the room, there will be two people of the same name in the room
Credit: Clan eXo

Shoot Anything Off Frag Turrets v2
1. Make the boats invisible with either doing universal glitch in a no cars room so you have cars, or do Redmans car illusion
2. Now get whatever you want to shoot out
3. Get on the frag turret and start shooting
4. Can also be done with bombs
Credit: Robby23

Teleport To Top Of Map From Car
1. Do either glcoks glitch from a map with a high mountain to a low map or the universal glitch
- For universal glitch, make the room your going to join a low map and the map your creating a map with a tall mountain
2. Now drive the car all the way up to the mountain
- On others screens, they see the car at where their land is, like if you drove it up a mountain where on there screen was about a ditch, they'd see the car in the ditch
3. Now get in the car and they'll see you inside the car
4. Now when you get out you'll teleport as high as the mountain your standing on is, but on there screen your way above them becuase they're on flat land
Credit: Clan eXo

Unreleased:
Control Point Slide
Turret Magnet
Ninja Jump


Version 8

Illusional Car glitch
1. Have everyone on one side and you on the other
2. Have them all G^
3. You hit G^ standby ungreen hit switch teams standby
4. The game will start and you wont be able to get in the driver seat/turret and wont see the cars move if they are driven by someone
Credit: -Redman

Inside Blown Up Car
1. Do the car illusion glitch and get inside the car
2. Now have someone blow up the car
3. On everyones screen you are inside the car even though it is blown up
Credit: -Redman

Tip Toe Slide/Ice Skating
1. Get a heavy armory such as airburst and two sets of rockets
2. Do the exorcist
3. Flip switch pick a lighter armory such as an hk5 and nothing else and spawn then flip switch back
4. You will look like u have a heavy armory but you are walking fast
Credit: Robby23

Merge Maps
1. Do glocks glitch from one map to another or do the Universal glitch but make the room you are creating a different map then the room you are set to join
- For doing it with glocks glitch, make sure that when you first see the people spawn hit your switch fro 15 seconds to avoid getting booted
2. Now you should be in a different map then the others
Credit: Glock

eXo Nitro Cars
1. Do glocks glitch from a room that has a slow car (Tank, Convoy, etc) to a room that has a fast car (Technical, Hummer, etc) but no slow cars or the do the eXo Universal glitch
- For the eXo Universal Glitch, make it so that the room you are joining is a map with no slow cars and the map you are set to create is a map with slow cars.
2. Now find the slow car you want to speed up (Tanks, Convoy, etc)
3. Go to it and have someone that does not see that car as a slow car get in the driver seat
4. Now when they drive the car, it looks like the slow car is going as fast as whatever car the person whos driving sees it as
Credit: Clan eXo

Sit In Invisible Cars
1. Do glocks glitch from a room that has a convoy to a room without one
- For the eXo Universal Glitch, make it so that the room you are joining is a map with no convoy and the map you are set to create is a map with a convoy
2. Now one of the cars on the map, when a person in a non-convoy game gets in it, will be sitting in a invisible convoy truck
(Note: This isn't like redmans glitch because you see people sitting in the car. Also there are many cars, find the right one. Usually a hummer)
Credit: Clan eXo

Drive From Turret
1. Do glocks glitch from extract to demolition or the eXo Universal Glitch
- For the universal glitch have the game your joining a extract and the game your creating a demolition
2. Now find one of the hummers
3. When the people in the extract drive it, the person in demo will see them driving from the turret
Credit: Clan eXo

Unreleased:
Hostages Swim On Land
Schoolboy Glitch v1 (Easiest) - CAB and Robby23
Bomb On Back While Dead - CAB and Robby23
Shoot Bombs - Killer-7 and Robby23
Hostage eXo Slide - Nate2k6 and FaTaL
Monkey Climb - Nate2K6
eXo Slide Above Water - Outsider and Killer-7
FaTaL's Death Spaz - FaTaL
Drive From Turret - Clan eXo

Version 9

eXo Universal Glitch w/ Specs Off
1. Highlight the game you want to join
2. Press triangle so you will be highlighting join game
then move left to briefing
3. Flip your switch go to join game then click on the room flip back
4. Then it will say that that room is already created
5. After that go to create game
6. Then load a saved game flip your switch
start game load game then start it again and flip back
7. What this allows you to do is play a different type of map while someone else is playing something different.
(Ex: If you created a Harvester Demo and the room you went to spectate was a harvester extract, then you would be playing in demo while everyone else was in extract)
Credit: Sideshowhost, CAB, and Glock

eXo Universal Glitch w/ Specs
1. Save settings for the type of game you want to be in like be in a Demo while others in Extarct now go to spec lobby
2. Flip switch, press X to join game as spec, flip switch back about 6 seconds later
3. Keep pressing triangle until you can move your curser and go to create game
4. Load a saved game and press start and wait until u get inside game
5. When inside you will be in the type of room you selected to be in when you went to creat game
(Ex: If you created a Harvester Demo and the room you went to spectate was a harvester extract, then you would be playing in demo while everyone else was in extract)
Credit: Sideshowhost and CAB

eXo Clipping
1. Do glocks glitch from a big map to a small map or the eXo Universal Glitch
- For the eXo universal glitch, make it so that the room you are joining is a small map and the map you are set to create is a big map
2. Now go to the where the small map people see the breaches
3. Now the people in the big map run where they are and the small map people will see you clip right through them
Credit: Clan eXo

Respawn In Non-Respawn
1. Do the eXo Universal Glitch (You get booted with glocks glitch)
- For the eXo Universal Glitch, make it so that the room you are joining is a map with respawn off and the map you are set to create is a map with respawn on.
2. Now when in the game you are able to die and respawn but the others aren?t.
3. You can also pick up the weapons from the people in non-respawn when they die
Credit: Clan eXo

Throw Frags From Truck
1. Do the boats on land glitch so you see the boats
2. Now get in the frag turret with what you want to throw
3. Start shooting and others who see the boat as a car will see frags coming out of your body
Credit: Clan eXo

Unreleased:
Die In Crouch - Outsider and Killer-7
eXo Pose - Outsider, Robby23, and Killer-7
Multiple Control Of One Hostage - FaTaL and Glock
Control Of Hostage While Dead - FaTaL and Glock
eXo Graveyard Glitch - Outsider, Killer-7, and Robby23
Flashing Extraction/Demo Points - Clan eXo
Plant Bomb Anywhere - Glock
Plant Bomb At Blown Up Demo Site - Outsider, Killer-7, and Robby23
Prone Slide Underwater - Outsider and Robby23[/center]



Throw Anything Video

Clan [eXo]'s Throw/Plant Anything
1. Do fatals no guns glitch
2. Die and get whatever you want people to see you throw in the top right corner
3. Get any kind of gernade in the lower right corner
4. Respawn
5. Flip ur switch to disconnect and kill yourself
6. Now respawn quickly and switch to your nades and flip your switch back. 7. Now every gernade you throw will be whatever you chose to throw
(Note: To plant anything, substitute nades/smoke for clays/mines)
Credit: NATE2K6


Rapid Rockets Video

Shoot Anything In Frag Turrets
1. Get whatever you want to shoot out as primary and get on turret
2. Have someone kill you and when they do flip switch then hurry up spawn and get on the turret and flip back
3. Now whatever you had as primary youll be shooting on the turret
(Note: For rockets, have only rocket and nades, go to icon have out cdlays flip switch take out rocket and flip back, now do this glitch with nades but youll be shooting rockets since you started with them)
Credit: Glock and Cab


Spectator Glitch Video

Robby's Spec Glitch
1. Go to the spec list
2. Find the room in the spec list which you would like to join game as spec with weapons
3. Flip switch and tap x on the room to join as spec.
4. wait about 5 seconds and then flip switch back and tap triangle rapidly
5. If done corectly you will get out of the spec list.
6. The game should then load and your doing it
(Notes: You are invincible to everyone. The only way you can die is from explosions and being ran over. People that join late can see you and if u start the game in the with everyone when they green up your visible. You are also on a third party which means even hostages are enemies)
Credit: Robby23

Glitches We Found Not In Videos

eXo Flat Tires
1. Do the exact opposite of the eXo nitro glitch so that you see the car as a fast car (Technical, hummer, etc) and others see it as a slow car (Tank, Convoy, etc)
2. When they drive the slow car, you will see the fast car going very slow, lol kind of funny
Credit: Clan eXo

Floating c4/Breach Clipping
1. Do glocks glitch from/to a breach from/to a different type of map w/o a breach or do the universal glitch
- For the eXo Universal Glitch, make it so that the room you are joining is a map with/without a breaches and the map you are set to create is a map with/without a breach
- (Depending on if you want others to see the floating c4 or yourself to see them plant floating c4- To means that youd plant the c4 and others would see it float and from means that youd see others plant the c4, same goes for the Universal glitch, to see the c4 do it in a room that has a breach but make the game you are set to create as a map w/o a breach and vice-versa)
2. Now depending on if you are or aren?t in a breach, have whoever sees the breach and plant a c4 on one of them, and the others who are in a different type of map will see that person just plant a floating c4
(Note: This is also breach clipping)
Credit: Clan eXo

eXo Car Submarine
1. Do glocks glitch from a extraction to a demolition or eXo Universal glitch
- For the universal glitch, make sure that the room you are joining is a extraction and the room you are set to create is a demolition
2. Now one of the boats should be a car on your screen and you can have someone drive you around since they see boats
Credit: Clan eXo

Get Into Ranked Rooms Non Verified
1. Highlight a spec game
2. Flip switch go to the game you would like to enter but cant becuase of your rank and tap x to join.
3. You will get an error that says the game is already in use
4. Go to create game and make the same map
5. Create game and the title of the room should change to the room you had tried to join before and you will get in
[Note: If you do cable's see every room on socom you can get into admirals only games and what not. Aslo note that you have a chance of freezing while joining but you should be able to get in more that half the times you try. So take your chances]
Credit: Robby23

Locked Down Driver
1. Get a rocket and don?t be host
2. Go to a car turret flip switch press X to get in take out rocket then flip back
3. Now when you go into the turret switch to the drivers seat and youll be stuck there
4. You cant get out, switch seats, the only way to get out is to go into water or die
Credit: Outsider and CAB

Advanced Rocket Flash
1. Do fatal's auto gun illusion in showoff glitches
2. Now simplay take out your rocket and then take out your primary
(Note: You can do anything in this swim,climb,etc)
Credit: Outsider

Rocket Trick
1. Do the rocket exorcist
2. Now switch the rocket to something else
3. Flip switch and spawn then flip back
4. On others screens youll have a rocket on your back but not on yours
Credit: Outsider

Turret Glitch/Remote Control Car V2
1. Must be host
2. Get in a car turret/driver seat by a door
3. Flip your switch run to the door open it then get back in turret/driver seat
4. You will be bouncing up and down outside the car on others screens and shooting a automatic gun or youll be outside the car and it will driving by it self if you do it from drivers seat
(Note: For turret glitch you have to either be host or flip your switch back before you get into the turret because you cant get into turret while switch is flipped
Credit: GLOCK

Different Teams Inside Same Car
1. Do the turret glitch/remote control car glitch
2. Now people that join the game after they do that will see the person actually in the turret/seat
3. And they can get into the car as well
Credit: GLOCK and CAB

Cars Spawn Blown Up
1. With 1 sec left on timer drive the car towards the water
2. Right before you enter the water flip your switch and continue to drive in
3. Keep flipped for 10 seconds and make sure the round will end in draw like spawn anywhere
4. On others screens the car spawns on fire
Credit: KilleR-7

No Car Icons
1. Drive the car at full speed in the water
2. Make a u turn and get yourself booted out of the car
3. Make sure u go fast enough where the car does back up on land
4. There will b no icons on car but u can still get in and out
(works best when u go off a ledge into water)
Credit: C.A.B

Silent Anything
1. Do the rocket exorcist
2. Pick a pistol and primary
3. Pull your cord and spawn
4. Switch to nades or rockets and switch back to ur guns
5. Now no matter what weapons you switch to, anytime people will not hear your pistol or primary shoot unless u die
Credit: Cableguy

Host Spawns Early
1. Wait till the end of the round and when the round screen first shows up hit standby
2. Now when you spawn noone else will spawn and you can keep your switch flipped for as long as you can and youll be the only one to start
Credit: NATE2K6

Overlapping Spec and Join Game List
1. Go to type in the spec pass but type it wrong
2. Now hurry up press triangle and go to join game list
3. The spec list should be overlapping the join game list
Credit: ROBBY23

Restart Room
1.have everyone leave the room and join the lobby but u
2. once everyone has left and u see that theres more then one person in the room
at the bottom rite u leave the room
3.join the room as fast as you can
Credit: C.A.B and Glock

Extract Hostages Anywhere
1. Have hostages in car
2. Flip switch
3. Get out then get in
4. Drive car in extraction
5. When your in the extraction have someone pull the hostages out of car
6. Flip switch back
7. The round will auto end on others screens
Credit: C.A.B

Never Ending Extraction
1. Have control of hostages in a car
2. Leave the game and have someone move hostages into extraction
3. Next game have someone extract the hostages
4. The hostages extract but the game wont end until the timer runs out
Credit: C.A.B

Kill hostage = Extracted
1. Get control of hostages and leave game
2. Have someone get hostages extracted without taking control of them
3. Next round have the team the extracted the hostages get control of them
4. You will b on the other team and kill the hostages.
5. People that didnt leave the game see hostage extracted
Credit: C.A.B

Plant Bomb Inside Boxes (Can't Diffuse)
1. As either a Terrorist or Seal in any Demolition map, go on top in-between the boxes at the plant sight
2. Go prone facing the direction of the plant
3. Get as far back so you can still see the Plant Bomb icon
4. Hold X to plant and when the bomb plants it will be invisible and noone can diffuse it
Credit: KilleR-7

Lock Bomb
1. Get on the boat
2. Get in a seat you can change guns
3. Get your rocket out
4. Dismount and rapidly tap x, you'll plant the bomb in water with your rocket out and noone ca pick it up till next round or if your killed
Credit: Sideshowhost

Hunchback Exorcist
1. Get in a car and at a specific time you get out and have some kill you
2. You should be dead on the ground but sitting in a car position
3. Now do the spawn anywhere glitch and when you spawn youll be doing the exorcist and getting shotgun in that position
(Note: Can also be done inside turret.)
Credit: Outsider

Scuba Exorcist
1. Die in the water
2. Now do the spawn anywhere
3. Youll be doing swimming exorcist but to get on land you have to be at the very shoreline
4. Now have someone shotgun you out of the water and youll do it on land
Credit: Outsider

Climb Into Objects From Top Of Ladder
1. Go to the top of a ladder and have your back facing it
2. Now press X run away and hit triangle
3. As soon as you get on the ladder hold up on the left analog stick
4. You'll climb through the ladder
Credit: Outsider

Fall To Your Death From Ladder Slide
1. Easiest to be host
2. Go to the top of a ladder
3. Press X run away and rapidly hit triangle as fast as you can
4. When you get on the ladder you will just ladder slide down and if you have low enoguh life you will fall to your death
Credit: Outsider

Auto Gun Illusion
1. Do the exorcist with whatever gun you want to look automatic
2. Now pick an M60 or any fast gun
3. Now flip your switch respawn and flip it back
Credit: Fatal

Gun as Arm
1. Take out Rocket
2. Put primary on quick then take out binoculars then press quick
3. Take out rocket then pistol and move forwards
4. Then to take out primary open binoculars then press L1 to take primary out
Credit: ROBBY23

Mr. Limpy
1. Get into prone and take out rocket
2. Put primary on quick then take out binoculars then press quick
3. Take out rocket then take out your pistol
4. Then to take out primary open binoculars then press L1 to take primary out
Credit: C.A.B. and ROBBY23

The Rhino
1. Go above a ledge with rocket then take out binocs and primary
2. Now get into crouch and take out rocket
3. Fall of the ledge and take out your pistol at the same time and your gun should be through your head
4. Now do run with rocket then take out primary and youll be shooting with a gun way above your head
Credit: C.A.B

Ghetto 32 Rockets
1. Have everyone do rocket as primary in non repsawn and die
2. Now the person who wants to do this must get a pistol only no pirmary and a set of nades
3. Use all the nades up
4. Now run over the bodies
5. Youll keep picking up rockets and if you use the pistol the rockets explode
Credit: Outsider

Invisible Extract / No hostage
1. Take control of hostage(s)
2. Position 2 cars next to each other
3. Get in one of the cars w/ hostages and hit standby
4. Get out press X on the turret/back seat of another car
5. Press Standby off then run back to the drivers seat of the car you started in
6. You should get sucked back to the other car and the hostages will be in the other car
(Note: If someone else drives the car with the hostages to the extraction, MAKE SURE YOU STAY NEAR THEM OR YOU WILL LOSE CONTROL SOME HOW, then they will dissapear and no extract message will come up, it will still say you have control of hostages and at the end the terorists win)
Credit: .FaTaL. and KilleR-7
